Roland points out to the offender that the policeman has been intervening secretly for a month.
Julia points out to the student that the speaker has been yawning frequently from the beginning.
Paul explains to the voter that the politician has been  clearly lying since the elections.
Louise repeats to the girl that the witch makes grimaces on purpose for Halloween.
Laura says to the shepherd that the sheep is bleeting stupidly after the shearing.
Peter announces to the candidate that the jury will deliberate firmly after the audition.
Mark repeats to the population that the unhappiness continues inevitably after the tragedy.
Claire reminds the worker that the fireplace has been smoking a lot since the works.
Patricia says to the customer that the hat is very pleasing because of the feathers.
Aude repeats to  the athlete that the massage always begins after the training.
Luke tells the girl that the seducer has been chatting untiringly for an hour.
Anne reminds the actor that the audience has been laughing frantically after each show.
Joan reminds the neighbour that the excursion has rarely failed at the end of the year.
Joan reminds the lawyer that the disappointment remains inevitably after the trial.
Sebastian reveals to the patient that the tranquilliser has been acting progressively for a year.
Jerome points out to the prisoner that the warden sometimes comes into the courtyard.
Benjamin reminds the teen-ager that the educator has been drinking frequently for a few years.
Fred tells the child that the priest has been leaving happily after each service.
Charles explains to the victim that the treatment is starting slowly but surely.
Lise promises the woman that the diet can be managed surprisingly easily.
Giles reminds the worker that the effort will double inevitably with time.
Jack explains the owner that stress arrives prematurely despite the anti-anxiety medications.
Patrick repeats to the family that the holidays last every year for ten days.
Bernard reminds the gambler that the casino ruins unfortunately very fast.
